kymotracker: add docs and make widget public (#98)
lumicks/pylake: docs/tutorial/kymotracking.rst

between frames directly from the kymograph as :attr:`.Kymo.line_time_seconds` and the pixel size as
:attr:`.Kymo.pixelsize_um`. This allows conversion from pixels back to position.

Using the kymotracker widget
----------------------------

Using the algorithm purely by function calls can be challenging if not all parts of the kymograph look the same or

> when the signal to noise is somewhat low. To help with this, we included a kymotracking widget which can help you track

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the signal to noise ratio is somewhat low. To help with this, we included a kymotracking widget that can help you track
```

Author: 👍
